Sara Kevorkian

sdkevorkian@gmail.com

253-332-7341

linkedin.com/in/sarakevorkian
github.com/sdkevorkian

Seattle, WA

Summary
I am an observant full stack developer that learns quickly by identifying patterns in new material. My experience in biotech has taught me the importance of flexibility and the mindset to break concepts down into testable pieces. I make every hour happy hour and bring a balance of fun and serious work ethic to any team.


Technical Experience

General Assembly
Web Development Immersive
Mar 2017 to  Current
Accelerated project oriented learning - 70+ hours per week over 3 months.
Practiced DRY coding and RESTful routing with CRUD operations.
Worked individually and as a team to develop full-stack web applications.
Kept a positive attitude while tackling challenging material.

Hematologics Inc.
Clinical Research Associate - Molecular Analysis / QC Lead
Nov 2014 to Feb 2017
Worked within an interdisciplinary team to coordinate clinical testing and prioritize STAT cases.
Developed technical protocols and managed version control.
Identified redundancies in the procedure manual and transferred the entire library of documents into Sharepoint.
Troubleshot issues in both the existing production pipeline and new materials.

Genelex Corporation
Molecular Technologist II / Quality Assistant
Sept 2011 to  Nov 2014
Performed high throughput clinical DNA testing.
Managed purchasing and quality control Access databases.
Designed technical data organization and inventory tracking documents.
Implemented CAP quality control standards into procedure manual.

Skills

Tools
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
JQuery
Node.js
Express.js
Angular.js
Ruby
SQL
Postgres
Sequelize
MongoDB
Mongoose
NoSQL
Bootstrap
Materialize
Git/Github
Sublime Text 3


Abilities
Troubleshooting
Teamwork
Communication
Flexibility
Positivity
Organization
Self-Reliance

PROJECTS

Chronotron  Jun 2017
Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ruby on Rails, Youtube API, Trails API, Spotify API, Open Trivia API, Open Weather API, Google Analytics
Give Chronotron an amount of time you need to spend and it will provide you enough content to fill that void. This project was created by a 5 person dev team working with 1 UX/UI Consultant. My responsibilities were the music section, the homepage and side navbar logic, deployment, troubleshooting, and implementing suggestions from the UX/UI consultant.

Doggleganger  May 2017
Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, JWT, Petfinder API, GraphicsMagick's npm module
Doggleganger allows you to search for the perfect pet based on your percentage look-alike match. This was a three-person group project, and I was primarily responsible for the image comparison features and shared responsibility on Angular.js implementation.

Find Happy        May 2017
Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Node.js, Express.js, Google Map + Geocode APIs, Yelp API, Sequelize, PostgreSQL
Find Happy is a combined address book and Yelp search app. Users can preload addresses and save fun locations around that area! Perfect for travel planning.

Browsergotchi        Apr 2017
Technologies used: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, GIMP
Based on the tamagotchis of the 1990s, Browsergotchi is a game where you feed a pet and gain experience points. The higher your experience points, the better food and accessories that you can unlock!




Education

General Assembly
Web Development Immersive
2017

Western Washington University
B. S.  Cellular and Molecular Biology/Biochemistry
2011

Volunteering
Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Services of Whatcom County

Victim Advocate
November 2009 to  May 2011
Communicated effectively and compassionately with individuals in high stress situations
